>> Will Sentance: Okay, any questions?
>> Maria: Yeah, I had a question.
What if we flipped the original
smile upside down to make it
an upside-down smile?
Would it still-
>> Will Sentance: And just be clear,
Maria's not asking here.
What if we switch the smile
upside down and made it a frown,
like switch that frown upside.
I get that Maria's note
making a refrigerator magnet,
but instead is referring to, hold on.
What if we are training image sample has
an image, which could totally happen.
Someone's uploaded it when they wanna
identify a smile or not, the wrong way up.
As in, when we use it,
when we want to infer for a new image,
someone's provided an image that's upside
down, and we wanna be able to spot it so
smart it's just an upside down.
The heads, the whole way upside down,
almost the photos upside down.
We're gonna see in a moment,
we need to pre-process our data.
We do not want to have multipliers be
learned for the rotation of the head.
We want to learn the right multipliers
that capture for the same orientation,
the features of the smile,
not the rotation of the head.
So we would preliminary, perhaps, have
a totally separate model that actually
works out the right rotation of the head
and says, that head is off by this side.
Before you input it into
this model creation,
rotate it to be facing,
we'll see this in a second.
One doesn't wanna learn or
figure out multipliers for
a bunch of different orientations ahead,
because then you're not actually capturing
the characteristics of the smile.
You're capturing the characteristics
of the head rotation.
And that's not as useful, or
if it is, do that bit first and
then capture the characteristics of the
smile, have multiple models working on it.
Great question from Maria,
you had another one as well.
>> Maria: I think I just was looking
at a different type of smiles, so
it would be kind of like
an open mouth smile.
>> Will Sentance: And I think in that
sense, we could always add many more here.
And the labels you give them will
determine what the prediction is for
the population, there's no truth
to the small characteristics.
The only truth is in the sample,
did this set of pixels get labeled 0,
this set 0, this set a 100 percent,
this set a 100 percent?
Okay, Ben, question?
>> Ben: I don't know if this is really
appropriate, but in your training data,
would you put in things that you
don't have 100 or 0% confidence on?
>> Will Sentance: You could do, I think in
this case, the classification is binary,
it's just, and
I'd almost say it's really 1, 0, 1, 0.
And we're building confidence
here of the 1, 0 sort of binary.
>> Ben: I can't really
think of an example.
>> Will Sentance: There's
a little bit of a smile [LAUGH],
you're trusting the model to
capture the subtleties in between.
With a large enough sample,
you're finding those
in-betweens via
the in-betweens in the sample,
as in, that is labeled a smile,
that's not that is.
But actually the difference
between them is only subtle, and
you can't even quite pin down what it is
that meant that that one got labeled not.
But that is capturing the in-between via
if you had ten pictures you label a smile.
And they have a range
of characteristics and
ten that you label not and
they have a range of characteristics.
You're capturing in that the diversity and
also the boundaries,
at the point at which that one
didn't get classified as a smile.
We didn't get labeled as a smile, and
the in-between will be captured
quite well by the multipliers.
So when it's applied to a new smile,
the 89% represents some of
that kind of in-betweenness.
So it's quite nice that it's not a binary
output because we don't want to have that.
And that's another thing
about the sigmoid function,
is it can never reach 100% or 0%.
We don't want to have absolute certainty,
smile or not.